Clarify the DLS eligibility (#8826)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/data-localization/_index.md

# Data Localization Suite

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> This feature is only available as a paid add-on for customers on the Enterprise plan. Reach out to your Customer Success Manager for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is available as a paid add-on for customers on the Enterprise plan. Reach out to your Customer Success Manager for more information.
```
"only" seems gratuitous...

{{</Aside>}}

> The Data Localization Suite (DLS) is a set of products that helps customers who want to maintain local control over their traffic while retaining the security benefits of a global network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Data Localization Suite (DLS) is a set of products that enables customers to control where Cloudflare processes their data, while still benefiting from the security of our global network.
```

Since we're editing this I think the "lede" here can be improved.

Reviewer: I made another update to this suggestion per chat with Emily Hancock.

> The Data Localization Suite (DLS) is a collection of tools that enable customers to choose the location where Cloudflare inspects and stores data, while maintaining the security and performance benefits of our global network.

Reviewer 2: @cicku It's better to move this paragraph to the top, before the note.
